All right.
So you've completed the modern HTML and CSS from the beginning course.
First off, I just want to say congratulations.
This wasn't a short course, and making it all the way through is a real accomplishment.
So I really hope you enjoyed it.
I hope you learned a lot from it.
And I just want to thank you for taking it and taking any other courses or tutorials that you've watched
of mine.
So the question is, what now?
What do you do next now?
You have a decent understanding of HTML, CSS, SAS, along with some of the basic principles of how
websites work, deployment and so on.
So my advice would be to build a few projects based on what you've learned.
Look at some examples of other websites or other website themes and try to rebuild them without looking
at any of the source code.
You want to use stuff that you've learned in this course.
Go, go look at documentation, look at other tutorials, maybe some other courses.
If you want to do something completely custom and create a mockup in Photoshop or some other program
and then write out the HTML and CSS, that's even better.
I would also suggest learning JavaScript.
That's probably the most logical next step.
You want to get some programming under your belt and JavaScript is great because it's just everywhere
it runs in the browser, it runs on the server.
There's mobile apps built with JavaScript.
It's just a great language to learn.
And I think that every web developer needs to know at least the basics of JavaScript.
I do have a 21 hour course on Udemy called Modern JavaScript from the beginning.
Now you might want to learn something like Bootstrap, which is a CSS framework.
It makes creating websites and user interfaces much easier because there's predefined styles, pre-defined
classes, however you want to make sure you customize your your projects if you do use a framework because
a lot of them can start to look the same.
So just keep that in mind.
But you may find it useful.
It can speed things up.
And it's great for prototyping if you're going to learn, you know, web application development.
So other than that, I would say code every day, try to stay driven and passionate, try new things.
And if this is what you really want to do, as long as you put your all into it, you're going to get
to where you want to be.
So that's it.
Again, thank you for taking the course and hopefully I'll see you in the next one.